Unit test best practice (#5473)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/unit-tests.md

- Prior to refactoring the transformation logic (especially if the refactor is significant).
- Models with high "criticality" (public, contracted models or models directly upstream of an exposure).

### When to run unit tests

> We highly recommend only running unit tests in development or CI environments. Since the inputs of the unit tests are static, there is no need to use extra compute running them in production. Use them in development for a test-driven approach and CI to ensure changes don't break them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Labs strongly recommends only running unit tests in development or CI environments. Since the inputs of the unit tests are static, there's no need to use additional compute cycles running them in production. Use them in development for a test-driven approach and CI to ensure changes don't break them. 
```
